Bump dnanexus app 1.0.0-beta.6 (#22)
seqeralabs/xpack-dnanexus: app/README.md

If the pipeline allows the definition of one or more output file paths, prefix them with the 
DNAnexus project ID where the output is expected to be stored e.g. `dx://PROJECT-0123456789:/some/output`.     

## Input parameters

* license: The activation license provided by Seqera Labs
* pipeline_url: The URL of the Git repository of the pipeline to the executed
* args: Nextflow run options and pipeline parameters (optional)
* scm_file: Git repository credentials file (optional)
* docker_creds_file: Docker registries credentials file (optional)
* resume_id: The execution Id of the pipeline run to be resumed as reported in the execution log (optional)
* opts: Nextflow runtime advanced options (optional)  
* debug: Enable launcher script debugging mode (optional)

## Use of Git private repository

The access of Git private repository is supported using the usual
Nextflow [scm](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/sharing.html?#scm-configuration-file) file holding the repository access credentials.

Upload *scm* file into a DNAnexus project where the pipeline is expected to run, then

> specify the file path an an input parameter of the Nextflow app using the `scm_file`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
specify the file path as an input parameter of the Nextflow app using the `scm_file`
```

parameter e.g. `project-123456789:/my-scm.txt`.

## Use of Docker private registry

> The access of Docker images hosted on private registry is supported providing the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The access of Docker images hosted in a private registry is supported by providing the
```

* pipeline_url: The URL of the Git repository of the pipeline to the executed
* args: Nextflow run options and pipeline parameters (optional)
* scm_file: Git repository credentials file (optional)

> * docker_creds_file: Docker registries credentials file (optional)

Reviewer: Would it be possible to add an info to app/Readme on what is the expected format of the json, otherwise the user might not know how to prepare this file.

Author: Ok, added a section at the bottom

> * resume_id: The execution Id of the pipeline run to be resumed (optional)

Reviewer: Please mention where the user will find the resume ID of the previous run (in the job log?)

Author: done
